From a distance there is harmony And it echoes through the land it's the hope of hopes, it's the love of loves It's the heart of every man (Every man) It's the hope of hopes, it's the love of loves This is the song of every man

Some are bent by fears they cannot see And some are touched by love and set free A flower's just a seed when it's young And every flower's reaching, every flower's reaching Every flower's reaching for the sun.

If you're tossin' and you're turnin' And you just can't fall asleep I'll sing a song beside you And if you ever forget how much you really mean to me Every day I will remind you

The full moon Is shining like a spotlight Yeah, I could just sit and listen to you talkin' all night

From a distance the world looks blue and green And the snow capped mountains white From a distance the ocean meets the stream And the eagle takes to flight

From a distance, there is harmony And it echoes through the land It's the voice of hope, it's the voice of peace It's the voice of every man

God is watching us, God is watching us God is watching us from a distance

Earth! We're in it together Forever and ever Saving out water, land and air This is out planet to share

Imagine our world Clean and litter-free From the ocean to the sky

Earth! We're in it together Forever and ever Saving out water, land and air This is out planet to share Together we can show we care

This is our Earth to share We're in it together

The Earth is my home. I promise to keep it healthy and beautiful. I will love the land, the air, the water and all living creatures. I will be a defender of my planet. United with friends. I will save the Earth.

I wanna take you somewhere so you know I care But it's so cold and I don't know where I brought you daffodils in a pretty string But they won't flower like they did last spring

Lemon tree very pretty and the lemon flower is sweet But the fruit of the poor lemon is impossible to eat. Lemon tree very pretty and the lemon flower is sweet But the fruit of the poor lemon is impossible to eat.

Every flower's reachin' for the sun Every petal opens when the day has just begun Even in the city where they grow up through the street Every blossom needs the sunshine to makes its life complete.

Some are torn out by the roots and cast aside And some might be arranged for a bride A flower's just a seed when it's young And every flower's reaching for the sun.

True friends will go to the end of the earth Till they find the things you need Friends hang on through the ups and the downs Cause they've got someone to believe in

See the curtains hangin' in the window In the evenin' on a Friday night Little light is shinin' through the window Lets me know everything's alright

Summer breeze, makes me feel fine Blowing through the jasmine in my mind Summer breeze, makes me feel fine Blowing through the jasmine in my mind

Sweet days of summer, the jasmine's in bloom July is dressed up and playing her tune And I come home from a hard day's work And you're waiting there, not a care in the world

See the smile awaitin' in the kitchen Food cookin' in the plates for two Feel the arms that reach out to hold me In the evening when the day is through

Yo, this one here Goes out to all my playas out there, man, you know That got that one good girl, lord That's always been there man like Took all the bull**** And then one day she can't take it no more And decide to leave

My world is an empty place Like I've been wandering the desert For a thousand days (oh) Don't know if it's a mirage But I always see your face, baby

Another sunny day, and dreamin' far away Dreaming on my pillow in the morning Never been awake, I never seen a day break Leaning on my pillow in the morning light

I've got peace like a river I've got peace like a river I've got peace like a river in my soul

I tried to catch a little star, But, oh! I could not reach so far! I jumped and jumped -- I even tried to fly, But still I could not reach the sky. 

What hue shall my apples be? Asked the little apple tree. "That is easy to decide; Make them green," the grasses cried.

But the crimson roses said, "We would rather have them red," While the dandelions confessed Yellow suited them the best.

Trees I think that I shall never see A poem lovely as a tree.

A tree whose hungry mouth is prest Against the earth's sweet flowing breast;

A tree that looks at God all day, And lifts her leafy arms to pray;

A tree that may in Summer wear A nest of robins in her hair;

Upon whose bosom snow has lain; Who intimately lives with rain.

Poems are made by fools like me, But only God can make a tree. 

Save your advice 'cause I won't hear You might be right but I don't care There's a million reasons why I should give you up But the heart wants what it wants The heart wants what it wants

You got me scattered in pieces Shining like stars and screaming Lighting me up like Venus But then you disappear and make me wait

This is a modern fairy tale No happy endings No wind in our sails But I can't imagine a life without Breathless moments Breaking me down, down, down, down

No more jokes I'll never get to hear Behind my back at my expense There's something inside me And I know it's good, I'm not evil Just misunderstood

Oh where, oh where, can my baby be? The Lord took her away from me She's gone to heaven, so I've got to be good So I can see my baby when I leave this world

When I woke up the rain was pourin' down There were people standing all around Something warm goin' through my eyes But somehow I found my baby that night

I lifted her head, she looked at me and said "Hold me darling, just a little while" I held her close, I kissed her our last kiss I found the love that I knew I had missed

Well now she's gone Even though I hold her tight I lost my love, my life, that night

Because of you I never stray too far from the sidewalk Because of you I learned to play on the safe side so I don't get hurt Because of you I find it hard to trust not only me, but everyone around me Because of you I am afraid

On another love, another love All my tears have been used up On another love, another love All my tears have been used up On another love, another love All my tears have been used up

And I'd sing a song, that'd be just ours But I sang 'em all to another heart And I wanna cry I wanna learn to love But all my tears have been used up

One day she left without a word. She took away the sun. And in the dark she left behind, I knew what she had done. She'd left me for another, it's a common tale but true. A sadder man but wiser now I sing these words to you.

I'm hurting, baby, I'm broken down I need your loving, loving, I need it now When I'm without you I'm something weak You got me begging Begging, I'm on my knees

I used to wanna be Living like there's only me And now I spend my time Thinking about a way to get you off my mind (yeah you!) I used to be so tough Never really gave enough And then you caught my eye Giving me the feeling of a lightning strike (Yeah you!)

Look at me now, I'm falling I can't even talk, still stuttering This ground of mine keeps shaking Oh oh oh, now! All I wanna be, yeah all I ever wanna be, yeah, yeah Is somebody to you All I wanna be, yeah all I ever wanna be, yeah, yeah Is somebody to you

I used to ride around I didn't wanna settle down But now I wake each day Looking for a way that I can see your face (Yeah you!) I've got your photograph But baby I need more than that I need to know your lips Nothing ever mattered to me more than this (Yeah you!)

Turn down the lights Turn down the bed Turn down these voices inside my head Lay down with me Tell me no lies Just hold me close, don't patronize Don't patronize me

Because I can't make you love me if you don't You can't make your heart feel something it won't Here in the dark, in these final hours I will lay down my heart and I'll feel the power But you won't, no you won't 'Cause I can't make you love me, if you don't

Yeah, I woke up in the middle of the night And I noticed my girl wasn't by my side Coulda sworn I was dreamin' For her I was feenin' So I had to take a little ride

What really hurt me is I broke your heart, baby You a good girl and I had no right I really wanna make things right Cuz without you in my life girl I'm so lonely

Been all about the world ain't never met a girl That can take the things that you been through Never thought the day would come Where you'd get up and run And I would be out chasing you

Cuz ain't nowhere in the globe I'd rather be Ain't no one in the globe I'd rather see Than the girl of my dreams that made me be So happy but now I'm so lonely

Never thought that I'd be alone (Be alone) I didn't think you'd be gone this long (Gone so long) I just want you to call my phone So stop playing girl and come on home (Come on home)

Won't you please be my own? Never leave me alone 'Cause I die every time we're apart I want you, I need you, I love you With all my heart

I'm missing you so much Can't help it, I'm in love A day without you is like a year without rain I need you by my side Don't know how I'll survive A day without you is like a year without rain (oh, whoa) Whoa, oh, whoa

The stars are burning I hear your voice in my mind (voice in my mind) Can't you hear me calling? My heart is yearning Like the ocean that's running dry Catch me, I'm falling

It's like the ground is crumbling underneath my feet Won't you save me? There's gonna be a monsoon when you get back to me, oh, baby

Sometimes I feel Like I don't have a partner Sometimes I feel Like my only friend Is the city I live in The city of angels Lonely as I am Together we cry

It's hard to believe That there's nobody out there It's hard to believe That I'm all alone At least I have her love The city she loves me Lonely as I am Together we cry

You got me sippin' on something I can't compare to nothing I've ever known, I'm hoping That after this fever I'll survive

The bed's getting cold and you're not here The future that we hold is so unclear But I'm not alive until you call And I'll bet the odds against it all

Everybody getting kind of crunk, I think some dude just grabbed my junk, (Woah!) Now I know how Ke$ha must be feelin?, (Like... what if we're the aliens?) Bros try to turn me upside down. I put a keg tap to my mouth, But that?s okay, I?m dancin? on the ceiling.

It must have been cold there in my shadow To never have sunlight on your face You were content to let me shine, that's your way You always walked a step behind

We need clean air around as all Land to walk on and waterfalls But the world is changing day by day Listen to what we say One by one we can spead the news about how to stop pollution blues! Together we're reaching out to you To help us save the Earth

Your damn jokes I'll never get to hear Behind my back at my expense There's something inside me And I know it's good, I'm not evil Just misunderstood

I lose my way And it's not too long before you point it out I cannot cry Because I know that's weakness in your eyes I'm forced to fake A smile, a laugh everyday of my life My heart can't possibly break When it wasn't even whole to start with

I watched you die I heard you cry every night in your sleep I was so young You should have known Better than to lean on me You never thought of anyone else You just saw your pain And now I cry in the middle of the night For the same damn thing

How could we not talk about family when family's all that we got? Everything I went through you were standing there by my side And now you gonna be with me for the last ride

Lonely I'm Mr. Lonely I have nobody To call my own I'm so lonely I'm Mr. Lonely I have nobody For my own I'm so lonely

Lonely (So lonely) I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely) I have nobody (I have nobody) To call my own (To call my own girl)

I am so lonely (So lonely) I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely) I have nobody (I have nobody) For my own (To call my own girl) I am so lonely

Lonely (So lonely) I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely) I have nobody (I have nobody) To call my own (To call my own girl)

I am so lonely (So lonely) I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely) I have nobody (I have nobody) For my own (To call my own girl) I am so lonely

Lonely (So lonely) I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely) I have nobody (I have nobody) To call my own (To call my own no)

Lonely (So lonely) I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely) I have nobody (I have nobody) For my own (To call my own girl)

So lonely (Lonely) So lonely (So lonely) Mr. Lonely (Lonely) So lonely (So lonely) So lonely (Lonely) So lonely (So lonely) So lonely Mr. Lonely

I find the answers aren't so clear Wish I could find a way to disappear All these thoughts they make no sense I found bliss in ignorance Nothing seems to go away Over and over again (Just like before)

Future's eyes closing now Soul eclipse taking place Laments rise, tears of the dead From the other side of the grave

Future's eyes closing now Soul eclipse taking place Laments rise, tears of the dead From the other side of the grave From the other side of the grave

Officers with dogs that smell won't find shit when they thrown off the scent You could hang a fuck upside down in ya tub And slit his throat from ear to ear to remove a large amount of blood Most of it'll gush out on its own at once But to get the last couple of pints drained work his arms like pumps For dismemberment gentlemen I recommend heavy duty bone saws that cut through gendleums like pendulums But if you want to take your time don't rush it either cut each piece off like Pizza Hut pizza with a rusty cleaver Then put each piece up in a freezer Take out the trash in a couple of days the stench of decomposition's meager And make sure there's no incriminating papers in the bag Letters, receipts, anything with ya name they'll trace ya

When the apples all were ripe, Many wore a yellow stripe. Some were red and some were green, Some were somewhere in-between. 

I know I'm acting a bit crazy Strung out, a little bit hazy Hand over heart, I'm praying That I'm gonna make it out alive

Shorty said she wants to run away, Says I look like a boy she used to date (Ha!). Took me by the hand and pulled me to the stairs, (I'm NOT interested, girl).

Put her tongue all up in my ear, (Gross!) Almost made me spill my beer, (Oh Shit!) She?s up and ready to go, but I don?t care. (Pssh, whatever!) 'Cause I?m in the zone, Turn off my phone, I've got my own agenda.

I know that I'm afflicted But who could have predicted That monster that I've become I keep things carefully covered So no one will discover That I could be the culprit I'm sorry I can't help it

It's time like these when lines are drawn Which side of the fence you are standing on? There will come a day not so far away When the hunter becomes the prey (and you will pay).

I cannot take this anymore I'm saying everything I've said before All these words they make no sense I find bliss in ignorance

Less I hear the less you'll say You'll find that out anyway (Just like before)

Everything you say to me (Takes me one step closer to the edge) (And I'm about to break) I need a little room to breathe ('Cause I'm one step closer to the edge) (I'm about to break)

Shut up when I'm talking to you Shut up, shut up, shut up Shut up when I'm talking to you Shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up I'm about to break

She's not a saint and she's not what you think She's an actress, whoa She's better known for the things that she does On the mattress, whoa Soon she's gonna find Stealing other people's toys on the playground Won't make you many friends She should keep in mind, She should keep in mind There is nothing I do better than revenge, ha

She looks at life like it's a party and she's on the list She looks at me like I'm a trend and she's so over it I think her ever present frown is a little troubling And, she thinks I'm psycho 'Cause I like to rhyme her name with things, but Sophistication isn't what you wear, or who you know Or pushing people down to get you where you wanna go Oh they didn't teach you that in prep school So it's up to me But no amount of vintage dresses gives you dignity (Think about what you did)

I'm just another thing for you to roll your eyes at honey You might have him, but haven't you heard I'm just another thing for you to roll your eyes at honey You might have him, but I'll always get the last word Whoa

Blood is on your hands The wages of sin

I drive on her streets 'Cause she's my companion I walk through her hills 'Cause she knows who I am She sees my good deeds And she kisses me windy I never worry Now that is a lie

Under the bridge downtown Is were I drew some blood Under the bridge downtown I could not get enough Under the bridge downtown Forgot about my love Under the bridge downtown I gave my life away (yeah yeah) Ooh no (no no yeah yeah) Here I stay yeah yeah

Eh-heh, know why I say these things? Cause lady's screams keep creeping in Shady's dreams And the way things seem, I shouldn't have to pay these shrinks this eighty G's a week to say the same things TWEECE! TWICE? Whatever, I hate these things Fuck shots! I hope the weed'll outweigh these drinks Motherfuckers want me to come on their radio shows just to argue with 'em cause their ratings stink? FUCK THAT! I'll choke radio announcer to bouncer from fat bitch to off seventy-thousand pounds of her from principal to the student body and counselor from in-school to before school to out of school I don't even believe in breathing I'm leaving air in your lungs just to hear you keep screaming for me to seep it OK, I'M READY TO GO PLAY I GOT THE MACHETE FROM O.J. I'M READY TO MAKE EVERYONE'S THROAT ACHE You faggots keep egging me on 'til I have you at knifepoint, then you beg me to stop? SHUT UP! Give me your hands and feet I said SHUT UP when I'm talking to you YOU HEAR ME? ANSWER ME! 

And cut the fuckin' corpse up like a butcher to meat kid And put the pieces inside trash bags So she'll be wreaking like a fags ass With flesh covered in leeches And throw the bags away In various trash bins in different areas This shit's hilarious Nobody notices some asshole taking out the garbage Who would know it's a carcass? Even if they were focusing 'cause the plastic bag is dark kid And even the nosy bitch wouldn't open it, it make no sense And if you do it just before a trash pick up 

The bodies hauled away before it decays and stinks up It won't be noticed, with literally tons of ther shit And ya bag is in the middle buried right under it Especially if you double-bagged it Ya victim'll stay a faggot in fragments forever stagnet

Let's talk about death baby Disintegration of flesh you'll see Let's talk about all the good things and the bad things In hacking up ya meat

There's more choices to choose kid Bury the corpse in the ground, bury it at sea or the pieces get distributed When using the ground a shallow grave isn't allowed 'Cause the corpse'll be found when the stench of it lingers out Make sure it's six feet deep or more Construction sites work in fermented In what's cemented suspended beneath the floor Using the sea has its potential sequentionally The sea destroys all evidence eventually But make sure that you tie a weight to the body to keep it from floating around and being discovered by mistake Drop it as far from shore as possible otherwise it'll pop up at low tide or be seen by some fisherman's opticals Distributing! Body parts is riveting I explained it in verse one forgive me if I begin again A wood chipper turns a corpse into chopped meat Spread it all over ya grass then water it down properly Within a few days the cadaver's fertilizer Your advisor's taught you ways of covering up murders wiser Regardless how you tried these methods Be careful with prints and rented equipment use cash and fake id's

Aww look at daddy's baby girl That's daddy's baby Little sleepy head Yesterday I changed your diaper Wiped you and powdered you. How did you get so big? Can't believe it now you're two Baby, you're so precious Daddy's so proud of you Sit down, bitch If you move again I'll beat the shit out of you

(Okay) Don't make me wake this, baby She don't need to see what I'm about to do Quit crying, bitch, why do you always make me shout at you? How could you? Just leave me and love him out the blue Oh, what's the matter Kim? Am I too loud for you? Too bad, bitch, you're gonna finally hear me out this time At first, I'm like all right You wanna throw me out? That's fine! But not for him to take my place, are you out your mind? This couch, this TV, this whole house is mine! How could you let him sleep in our bed? Look at Kim Look at your husband now! (No!) I said look at him! He ain't so hot now is he? Little punk! (Why are you doing this?) Shut the fuck up! (You're drunk! You're never going to get away at this!) You think I give a fuck! Come on we're going for a ride, bitch (No!) Sit up front (Well, I can't just leave Hailie alone, what if she wakes up?) We'll be right back Well, I will, you'll be in the trunk

You really fucked me Kim You really did a number on me Never knew me cheating on you would come back to haunt me But we was kids then Kim, I was only 18 That was years ago I thought we wiped the slate clean That's fucked up! (I love you!) Oh, God, my brain is racing (I love you!) What are you doing? Change the station I hate this song! Does this look like a big joke? (No!) There's a four year old boy lyin' dead with a slit throat In your living room, ha-ha What you think I'm kiddin' you? You loved him, didn't you? (No!) Bullshit you, bitch, don't fucking lie to me What the fuck's this guy's problem on the side of me? Fuck you asshole, yeah, bite me Kim, KIM! Why don't you like me? You think I'm ugly don't you (It's not that!) No, you think I'm ugly (Baby) Get the fuck away from me, don't touch me I HATE YOU! I HATE YOU! I SWEAR TO GOD, I HATE YOU OH, MY GOD, I LOVE YOU How the fuck could you do this to me? (Sorry!) How the fuck could you do this to me?

And every second's like torture Hell over trip, no more so Finding a way to let go Baby, baby, no I can't escape

It's like Amen from the back of the choir Sweet hum of freedom underneath the tires Kicked back sittin' by a cracklin' fire Strumming them guitar strings

Because I?ve got the groove, I?ll bust a move; just try and stop me.

If you dig under my feet You will find things that you don't want to see Things that i hide we've done inside A menagerie of the tragedy that i have caused and all of my flaws And my demons are all if you see Then what would you do ...if you only knew

All of the things that I've done Terrible things...you would never believe Things that I've done Oh how you'll run If you knew a single one All of the things that I've done

From a distance we all have enough And no one is in need And there are no guns, no bombs, and no disease No hungry mouths to feed

From a distance you look like my friend Even though we are at war From a distance I just cannot comprehend What all this fighting for

Do you see me now? Do you hear me now? You will know my name Do you see me now? Do you fear me now? You will know my name

Friend or foe there's no way to know In the battlefield of life its kill or be killed. So many times its a matter of degrees From being up on your luck to down on your knees.

It's a hellish inferno This is war eternal.

They try to change you, crush and break you.

This is fucking war!

I couldn't stop, so I swerved to the right I'll never forget the sound that night The screamin' tires, the bustin' glass The painful scream that I heard last

I will not make The same mistakes that you did I will not let myself Cause my heart so much misery I will not break The way you did, you fell so hard I've learned the hard way To never let it get that far

And if somebody hurts you, I wanna fight But my hands been broken, one too many times So I'll use my voice, I'll be so fucking rude Words they always win, but I know I'll lose

My broken pieces You pick them up Don't leave me hanging, hanging Come give me some When I'm without ya I'm so insecure You are the one thing The one thing, I'm living for

I don't wanna play no games I don't gotta be afraid Don't give all that shy shit No make up on, that's my

You'll always have my shoulder when you cry I'll never let go, never say goodbye You know...

I'll close my eyes, then I won't see The love you don't feel when you're holding me Morning will come and I'll do what's right Just give me till then to give up this fight And I will give up this fight

Backtracking on these few years Try to figure out what I do to make it go bad Cuz ever since my girl left me My whole life came crashin' an' I'm so

Can't believe I had a girl like you And I just let you walk right outta my life After all I put you through you still Stuck around and stayed by my side

Baby girl I didn't mean to shout I want me and you to work it out (Work it out baby) I never wished that I would hurt my baby (Hurt my baby) And it's drivin' me crazy cuz I'm so lonely

Now go stand in the corner and think about what you did Ha, time for a little revenge

The story starts when it was hot and it was summer And, I had it all; I had him right there where I wanted him She came along, got him alone, and let's hear the applause She took him faster than you could say sabotage I never saw it coming, nor would I have suspected it I underestimated just who I was dealing with She had to know the pain was beating on me like a drum She underestimated just who she was stealing from

You're the fear, I don't care 'Cause I've never been so high Follow me to the dark Let me take you past our satellites You can see the world you brought to life, to life

Yeah, I'll let you set the pace 'Cause I'm not thinking straight My head spinning around I can't see clear no more What are you waiting for?

You were born your brother's keeper Why can I see blood on your hands? You became your brother's slayer Embrace again upon death

At the end of all this hatred lies even deeper hate Their darkness has defeated you Your lifeline running backwards

You were born your brothers keeper Why can I see blood on your hands? Their darkness has defeated you Your lifeline running backwards

When I was just a little baby boy, my momma used to tell me these crazy things She used to tell me my daddy was an evil man, she used to tell me he hated me But then I got a little bit older and I realized, she was the crazy one But there was nothing I could do or say to try to change it cause that's just the way she was 

They said I can't rap about being broke no more They ain't say I can't rap about coke no more (AH!) Slut, you think I won't choke no whore 'til the vocal cords don't work in her throat no more?!

(AH!) These motherfuckers are thinking I'm playing Thinking I'm saying the shit cause I'm thinking it just to be saying it (AH!) Put your hands down bitch, I ain't gonna shoot you I'ma pull +YOU+ to this bullet, and put it through you

(AH!) Shut up slut, you're causing too much chaos Just bend over and take it like a slut, OK Ma? "Oh, now he's raping his own mother, abusing a whore, snorting coke, and we gave him the Rolling Stone cover?"

You god damn right BITCH, and now it's too late I'm triple platinum and tragedies happen in two states I invented violence, you vile venomous volatile bitches vain Vicadin, vrinnn Vrinnn, VRINNN! [*chainsaw revs up*]

Texas Chainsaw, left his brains all dangling from his neck, while his head barely hangs on Blood, guts, guns, cuts Knives, lives, wives, nuns, sluts

Bitch I'ma kill you! You don't wanna fuck with me Girls neither - you ain't nothing but a slut to me Bitch I'ma kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef We ain't gonna never stop beefing I don't squash the beef You better kill me! I'ma be another rapper dead for popping off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't said But when they kill me - I'm bringing the world with me Bitches too! You ain't nothing but a girl to me .. I said you don't, wanna fuck with Shady (cause why?) Cause Shady, will fucking kill you (ah-ha ha) I said you don't, wanna fuck with Shady (why?) Cause Shady, will fucking kill you.. 

Bitch I'ma kill you! Like a murder weapon, I'ma conceal you in a closet with mildew, sheets, pillows and film you Buck with me, I been through hell, shut the hell up! I'm trying to develop these pictures of the Devil to sell 'em I ain't "acid rap," but I rap on acid Got a new blow-up doll and just had a strap-on added WHOOPS! Is that a subliminal hint? NO! 

Just criminal intent to sodomize women again Eminem offend? NO! Eminem insult And if you ever give in to him, you give him an impulse to do it again, THEN, if he does it again you'll probably end up jumping out of something up on the 10th (Ah!) Bitch I'ma kill you, I ain't done this ain't the chorus I ain't even drug you in the woods yet to paint the forest A bloodstain is orange after you wash it three or four times in a tub but that's normal ain't it Norman? Serial killer hiding murder material in a cereal box on top of your stereo Here we go again, we're out of our medicine out of our minds, and we want in yours, let us in 

Let's talk about dead body disposal My proposal take the corpse to the bathtub And drain the blood out of the bastard Strip ya self nude first so you don't get blood on ya new shirt

Dead Body Disposal For those that don't know what to do after ya foes are killed Shit could get messy when the blood flow spills You never know when you might need to know skills In body disposal it's no frills Dead Body Disposal Are you interested in hearing my proposal?

Dead Body Disposal For those that don't know what to do after ya foes are killed Shit could get messy when the blood flow spills You never know when you might need to know skills In body disposal it's no frills

Dead Body Disposal For those that don't know what to do after ya foes are killed Shit could get messy when the blood flow spills You never know when you might need to know skills In body disposal it's no frills Dead Body Disposal Are you interested in hearing my proposal? Shit could get messy when the blood flow spills You never know when you might need to know skills In body disposal it's no frills

So long, bitch, you did me so wrong I don't wanna go on Living in this world without you

Come on get out (I can't I'm scared) I said get out, bitch! (Let go of my hair, please don't do this, baby) (Please I love you, look we can just take Hailie and leave) Fuck you, you did this to us You did it, it's your fault Oh, my God, I'm crackin' up Get a grip Marshall Hey remember the time we went to Brian's party? And you were like so drunk that you threw up all over Archie That was funny, wasn't it? (Yes!) That was funny, wasn't it? (Yes!) See it all makes sense, doesn't it? You and your husband have a fight One of you tries to grab a knife And during the struggle he accidentally gets his Adam's apple sliced (No!) And while this is goin' on His son just woke up and he just walks in She panics and he gets his throat cut (Oh, my God!) So now they both dead and you slash your own throat So now it's double homicide and suicide with no note I should have known better when you started to act weird We could've... HEY! Where you going? Get back here! You can't run from me, Kim It's just us, nobody else! You're only making this harder on yourself Ha! Ha! Got'cha! (Ah!) Ha! Go ahead, yell! Here I'll scream with you! AH, SOMEBODY HELP! Don't you get it, bitch, no one can hear you? Now shut the fuck up and get what's coming to you You were supposed to love me [Kim choking] NOW BLEED! BITCH, BLEED! BLEED! BITCH, BLEED! BLEED!

Somebody call the police, (Woo-oooh!) I think they?re coming to get me, They say: ?You?ve got the right to remain on the dance floor?, So show us what you've got 'cause you know that you've got more.

It might have appeared to go unnoticed But I've got it all here in my heart I want you to know, I know the truth, of course I know it I would be nothing without you

Oh, the wind beneath my wings You, you, you, you are the wind beneath my wings Fly, fly, fly away, you let me fly so high Oh, you, you, you, the wind beneath my wings Oh, you, you, you, the wind beneath my wings

Fly, fly, so high against the sky So high I almost touch the sky Thank you, thank you Thank God for you, the wind beneath my wings

Yeah I want that red velvet I want that sugar sweet Don't let nobody touch it Unless that somebody's me I gotta be a man There ain't no other way 'Cause girl you're hotter than southern California Bay

Oh uh-huh If you ever find yourself stuck in the middle of the sea I'll sail the world to find you If you ever find yourself lost in the dark and you can't see I'll be the light to guide you

You can count on me like 1, 2, 3 I'll be there And I know when I need it I can count on you like 4, 3, 2 And you'll be there 'Cause that's what friends are supposed to do, oh yeah Ooooooh, oooohhh yeah, yeah

Everybody's trying to be a billionaire But every time I look at you I just don't care 'Cause all I wanna be, yeah all I ever wanna be, yeah, yeah Is somebody to you (yeah you!)

Can you feel me when I think about you? With every breath I take Every minute, no matter what I do

You're the light, you're the night You're the color of my blood You're the cure, you're the pain You're the only thing I wanna touch Never knew that it could mean so much, so much

Fading in, fading out On the edge of paradise Every inch of your skin is a holy gray I've got to find Only you can set my heart on fire, on fire

Old MacDonald had a farm, Ee i ee i oh! And on his farm he had some cows, Ee i ee i oh! With a moo-moo here, And a moo-moo there Here a moo, there a moo, Everywhere a moo-moo Old MacDonald had a farm, Ee i ee i oh!

Old MacDonald had a farm, Ee i ee i oh! And on his farm he had some pigs, Ee i ee i oh! With an oink-oink here, And an oink-oink there Here an oink, there an oink, Everywhere an oink-oink Old MacDonald had a farm Ee i ee i oh!

The heart wants what it wants, baby It wants what it wants, baby It wants what it wants It wants what it wants The heart wants what it wants, baby It wants what it wants

I was takin' a walk When I saw you pass by I thought I saw you lookin' my way So I thought I'd give you a try

When I saw you smile I saw a dream come true So I asked you, maybe Baby whatcha gonna do?

Because I have been waitin' for a long, long time For a boy like you I won't be waitin' any more cause I know Baby, baby I was made for you

Cause I have been waitin' for a long, long time For a boy like you I won't be waitin' any more cause I know baby, baby I was made for you I was made for you I was made for you, yeah I was made for you I was made for you

When you whisper Yeah baby, when you lean in Yeah, I get a crazy, crazy good kind of feelin'

And like an old song on the radio That you grew up to and everybody knows Pushin' through the water when the river rose Winding wild and free

Baby, you sound good to me Baby, you sound so good to me Mm-m-mm like a melody Baby, you sound good to me

Tell me All of your story And don't you leave nothin' out 'cause baby, I ain't in a hurry Every little thing you say Got a real nice ring to it The way it rolls off your lips And oh, when you give me that kiss

Baby, you sound good to me Baby, you sound so good to me Mm-m-mm like a melody Baby, you sound good to me Baby, you sound good to me Baby, you sound so good to me Mm-m-mm like a melody Baby, mm-mm

Baby, you sound good to me Baby, you sound so good to me Mm-m-mm like a melody Baby, you sound so good Baby, you sound good to me Baby, you sound so good to me Mm-m-mm like a melody Baby, you sound good to me

I feel like dancing tonight, I?m gonna party like it?s my civil right, (everybody get kinda awesome). It doesn?t matter where, I don?t care if people stare, (Woah!) 'cause I feel like dancing tonight.

I feel like dancing tonight, I'm gonna party like it's my civil right, (everybody get kinda awesome). It doesn't matter where, I don't care if people stare,  'cause I feel like dancing tonight.

Oh, one more time, I feel like dancing tonight, (I feel like dancing?) I?m gonna party like it?s my civil right, (Woooah) It doesn?t matter where, I don?t care if people stare, 'cause I feel like dancing tonight (Oh, oh, oooh!) I feel like dancing tonight.

So I was the one with all the glory While you were the one with all the strength A beautiful face without a name for so long A beautiful smile to hide the pain

Did you ever know that you're my hero And everything I would like to be? I can fly higher than an eagle For you are the wind beneath my wings

Did you ever know that you're my hero? You're everything I wish I could be I could fly higher than an eagle For you are the wind beneath my wings

Did I ever tell you you're my hero? You're everything, everything I wish I could be Oh, and I, I could fly higher than an eagle For you are the wind beneath my wings Cause you are the wind beneath my wings

From a distance we are instruments Marching in a common band Playing songs of hope, playing songs of peace They're the songs of every man

Join our hands Share the vision we can see Let's begin by taking pride! ? by taking pride

United with friends. I promise to keep it. United with friends. I will love the land. United with friends. I'll be a defender. I will save the Earth.

When I was just a lad of ten, my father said to me, "Come here and take a lesson from the lovely lemon tree." "Don't put your faith in love, my boy", my father said to me, "I fear you'll find that love is like the lovely lemon tree."

One day beneath the lemon tree, my love and I did lie A girl so sweet that when she smiled the stars rose in the sky. We passed that summer lost in love beneath the lemon tree The music of her laughter hid my father's words from me:

And, darling, I will be loving you 'til we're 70 And, baby, my heart could still fall as hard at 23 And I'm thinking about how people fall in love in mysterious ways Maybe just the touch of a hand Well, me - I fall in love with you every single day And I just wanna tell you I am

So honey now Take me into your loving arms Kiss me under the light of a thousand stars Place your head on my beating heart I'm thinking out loud Maybe we found love right where we are

When my hair's all but gone and my memory fades And the crowds don't remember my name When my hands don't play the strings the same way (mmm...) I know you will still love me the same

Because honey your soul could never grow old, it's evergreen And, baby, your smile's forever in my mind and memory I'm thinking 'bout how people fall in love in mysterious ways Maybe it's all part of a plan Well, I'll just keep on making the same mistakes Hoping that you'll understand

That, baby, now Take me into your loving arms Kiss me under the light of a thousand stars Place your head on my beating heart Thinking out loud Maybe we found love right where we are (oh ohh)

So, baby, now Take me into your loving arms Kiss me under the light of a thousand stars Oh, darling, place your head on my beating heart I'm thinking out loud Maybe we found love right where we are Oh, baby, we found love right where we are And we found love right where we are

I don't wanna be needing your love I just wanna be deep in your love And it's killing me when you're away Ooh, baby, 'Cause I really don't care where you are I just wanna be there where you are And I gotta get one little taste

Your sugar Yes, please Won't you come and put it down on me I'm right here, 'cause I need Little love and little sympathy Yeah you show me good loving Make it alright Need a little sweetness in my life Your sugar Yes, please Won't you come and put it down on me

Your sugar Yes, please Won't you come and put it down on me I'm right here, 'cause I need Little love and little sympathy Yeah you show me good loving Make it alright Need a little sweetness in my life Your Sugar! (Your sugar!) Yes, please (Yes, please) Won't you come and put it down on me

Sugar Yes, please Won't you come and put it down on me (down on me!) Oh, right here (right here), 'Cause I need (I need) Little love and little sympathy Yeah you show me good loving Make it alright Need a little sweetness in my life Your sugar! (Sugar!) Yes, please (Yes, please) Won't you come and put it down on me

We sign our cards and letters BFF You've got a million ways to make me laugh You're lookin' out for me; you've got my back It's so good to have you around

You're a true friend You're here till the end You pull me aside When something ain't right Talk with me now and into the night 'Til it's alright again You're a true friend

You don't get angry when I change the plans Somehow you're never out of second chances Won't say "I told you" when I'm wrong again I'm so lucky that I've found

A true friend You're here till the end You pull me aside When something ain't right Talk with me now and into the night 'Til it's alright again

A true friend You're here till the end You pull me aside When something ain't right Talk with me now and into the night No need to pretend You're a true friend You're here till the end Pull me aside When something ain't right Talk with me now and into the night 'Til it's alright again You're a true friend You're a true friend You're a true friend

We find out what we're made of When we are called to help our friends in need

It's been a long day without you my friend And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again We've come a long way from where we began Oh I'll tell you all about it when I see you again When I see you again

Damn who knew all the planes we flew Good things we've been through That I'll be standing right here Talking to you about another path I Know we loved to hit the road and laugh But something told me that it wouldn't last Had to switch up look at things different see the bigger picture Those were the days hard work forever pays now I see you in a better place

First you both go out your way And the vibe is feeling strong and what's Small turn to a friendship, a friendship Turn into a bond and that bond will never Be broken and the love will never get lost And when brotherhood come first then the line Will never be crossed established it on our own When that line had to be drawn and that line is what We reach so remember me when I'm gone

It's a beautiful night , We're looking for something dumb to do Hey baby I think I want to marry you

Is it the look in your eyes? Or is it these dancing juice? Who cares baby I think I wanna marry you

Don't say no, no, no, no-no Just say yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah-yeah And we'll go, go, go, go-go If you're ready, like I'm ready

Cause it's a beautiful night We're looking for something dumb to do Hey baby I think I wanna marry you

Is it the look in your eyes? Or is it the dancing juice? Who cares baby I think I wanna marry you

I'll go get a ring let the choir bells sing like oooh So what you wanna do? Let's just run girl

If we wake up and you wanna break up that's cool No, I won't blame you It was fun girl

Just say I do, Tell me right now baby, Tell me right now baby, baby Just say I do Tell me right now baby, Tell me right now baby, baby

Hold me close, hold me tight Make me thrill with delight Let me know where I stand from the start I want you, I need you, I love you With all my heart

Every time that you're near All my cares disappear Darling, you're all that I'm living for I want you, I need you, I love you More and more

I thought I could live without romance Until you came to me But now I know that I will go on loving you eternally

So let this drought come to an end And make this desert flower again I'm so glad you found me Stick around me Baby, baby, baby, oh It's a world of wonder with you in my life So hurry, baby Don't waste no more time And I need you here I can't explain But day without you Is like a year without rain Ooh

And do you still feel like you know what you're doing, 'Cause I don't think you do, oh Do you still feel like you know what you're doing I don't think you do, I don't think you do Let's hear the applause C'mon show me how much better you are See you deserve some applause 'Cause you're so much better She took him faster than you could say sabotage

It's been said and done Every beautiful thought's been already sung And I guess right now here's another one So your melody will play on and on, with the best of 'em You are beautiful, like a dream come alive, incredible A centerfold, a miracle, lyrical You've saved my life again And I want you to know baby

I, I love you like a love song, baby I, I love you like a love song, baby I, I love you like a love song, baby And I keep it in re-pe-pe-peat I, I love you like a love song, baby I, I love you like a love song, baby I, I love you like a love song, baby And I keep it in re-pe-pe-peat

Constantly, boy you played through my mind like a symphony There's no way to describe what you do to me You just do to me, what you do And it feels like I've been rescued I've been set free, I am hypnotized by your destiny You are magical, lyrical, beautiful You are, and I want you to know baby

No one compares You stand alone, to every record I own Music to my heart that's what you are

Oh, oh, oh, it's magic, you know Never believe it's not so It's magic, you know Never believe it's not so

I never been awake, I never seen a day break Leaning on my pillow in the morning A lazy day in bed, music in my head Crazy music playing in the morning light

So love me like you do, lo-lo-love me like you do Love me like you do, lo-lo-love me like you do Touch me like you do, to-to-touch me like you do What are you waiting for?

Love me like you do, lo-lo-love me like you do Love me like you do, lo-lo-love me like you do Touch me like you do, to-to-touch me like you do What are you waiting for?

Love me like you do, lo-lo-love me like you do (like you do) Love me like you do, lo-lo-love me like you do (yeah) Touch me like you do, to-to-touch me like you do What are you waiting for?

I've got joy like a river I've got joy like a river I've got joy like a river in my soul

I've got love like a river I've got love like a river I've got love like a river in my soul

I've got love like a river I've got love like a river I've got peace, joy, love like a river in my soul

I don't ever want to feel Like I did that day Take me to the place I love Take me all the way I don't ever want to feel Like I did that day Take me to the place I love Take me all the way (yeah yeah)

I don't ever want to feel Like I did that day Take me to the place I love Take me all the way I don't ever want to feel Like I did that day Take me to the place I love Take me all the way (yeah yeah) Ooh no (no no yeah yeah) Love me I say yeah yeah

Ha ha, I'm just playing ladies You know I love you 

Twinkle, twinkle, little star, How I wonder what you are. Up above the world so high, Like a diamond in the sky. Twinkle, twinkle, little star, How I wonder what you are!

When the blazing sun is gone, When he nothing shines upon, Then you show your little light, Twinkle, twinkle, all the night. Twinkle, twinkle, little star, How I wonder what you are!

Then the traveler in the dark Thanks you for your tiny spark; He could not see which way to go, If you did not twinkle so. Twinkle, twinkle, little star, How I wonder what you are!

Old MacDonald had a farm, Ee i ee i oh! And on his farm he had some chicks, Ee i ee i oh! With a cluck-cluck here, And a cluck-cluck there Here a cluck, there a cluck, Everywhere a cluck-cluck Old MacDonald had a farm Ee i ee i oh!
