Want to find out where the moon goes When it leaves the western sky And night dissolves again to morning Azure turns to gold Azure turns to gold

Now I know just where the moon goes When it leaves the western sky And night dissolves again to morning The moon is in your eyes The moon is in your eyes The moon is in your eyes The moon is in your eyes 

Fight Not to fail Not to fall Or you'll end up like the others

Die Die again Drenched in sin With no respect for another 

Down Feel the fire (fire) Feel the hate Your pain is what we desire

Only night will ever know Why the heavens never show All the dreams there are to know Paint the sky with stars

Who has placed the mightnight sky So a spirit has to fly As the heavens seem so far Now who will paint the midnight star?

Love is in the air Everywhere I look around Love is in the air Every sight and every sound

Love is in the air In the whisper of the trees Love is in the air In the thunder of the sea 

Love is in the air In the rising of the sun Love is in the air When the day is nearly done

And I don't know if you're an illusion Don't know if I see it true But you're something that I must believe in And you're there when I reach out for you

Quiet nights of quiet stars Quiet cords from my guitar Floating on the silence that surrounds us

Quiet thoughts and quiet dreams Quiet walks by quiet streams And the window looking on the mountains and the sea how lovely This is where I want to be Here with you so close to me Until the final flicker of life's ember

And where do you go when you feel like crying? Where do you go? Where do you go when you're down?

Won't you come inside with me dear? You could stay inside with me dear. Can't you see it's gonna to rain?

And how do you feel when the lights go out? How do you feel? And how do you feel alone?

And how do you feel when there's no one there On the other end of the phone?

I've tasted The thrill of a kill The thrill of my victims I'm crushing Destroying their will

Run for your life I'm the serial killer I've come to bury you today No family, no funeral, no rosaries on this day Slain on this hillside - MY SILENT GRAVE! MY SILENT GRAVE! MY SILENT GRAVE!

Buried Dead bodies behind Their last words are still etched Clearly into his mind

Driven Possessed by a will A will that takes over And drives him out for the kill

Submit Submit to me now He screams out in anger Bloody thristy, as you cower down

It's time He raises the blade You cry out to God For your life to be saved 

It's not good any more. It's a cash bar. 25 dollars You fucking ugly bitch I'm gonna stab you to death then play around with your blood

Yo word up get the fucking mop Ain't bout to leave all your fuckin blood on the floor. Bitch we will..

Spill your blood on the concrete Split your mug and let you leak Holding guns and rolling deep Psycho thugs you don't want beef

Yo that's right you little fuckin bitches it's Mr. Hyde in your grill I'll spill your fuckin blood. MCC will spill your fuckin blood Psycho+logical spills your fuckin blood Junkyard dog will spill your fuckin blood Fat motherfuckin Pat will spill your fuckin blood Stick an AIDS needle in your arm full of cats blood mother fuckers is not playing. 

Well, you can tell by the way I use my walk I'm a woman's man, no time to talk. Music loud and women warm, I've been kicked around since I was born. And now it's all right, thats okay, you may look the other way. We can try to understand the New York Times' effect on man.

Whether you're a brother or whether you're a mother you're stayin' alive, stayin' alive. Feel the city breakin' and everybody shakin' and you're stayin' alive, stayin' alive. Ah, ah, ah, ah, stayin' alive, stayin' alive, ah, ah, ah, ah, stayin' alive.

Sunrise Sunrise Looks like morning in your eyes But the clock said 9:15 for hours

Let's come together Right now Oh yeah In sweet harmony

Blood and concrete Piss and wine Whores that fuck To feel divine

They'll clean their needles In their shrine In ignorance It's bliss you find

Why can't you fuckin' open Open up your eyes

Take my scars Through hands of God I found a better way To break the walls

I remember when all the games began Remember every little lie And every last goodbye Promises you broke, words you choked on And I never walked away its still a mystery to me

Well I'm so empty I'm better off without you and you're better off without me Well you're so unclean I'm better off without you and you're better off without me

The lying The bleeding The screaming, was tearing me apart The hatred Deceiving The bleeding It's over

Over and over again I relive the moment I'm bearing the burden within Open wounds hidden under my skin

I'm running from the enemy inside Looking for the life I left behind These suffocating memories are etched upon my mind And I can't escape from the enemy inside

It wouldn't have worked out anyway And now it's just another lonely day Further along we just may But for now it's just another lonely day

Well, shake it up baby now Twist and shout Come on, come on, come, come on baby now Come on and work it on out You know you twist, little girl You know you twist so fine Come on and twist a little closer now And let me know that you're mine, woo

Ah, ah, ah, ah Yeah, shake it up baby now Twist and shout Come on, come on, come, come on baby now Come on and work it on out You know you twist, little girl You know you twist so fine Come on and twist a little closer now And let me know that you're mine Well shake it, shake it, shake it, baby now Well shake it, shake it, shake it, baby now Well shake it, shake it, shake it, baby now Ah, ah, ah, ah 

Uptown girl She's my uptown girl You know I'm in love With an uptown girl 

We are the champions - my friends And we'll keep on fighting Till the end We are the champions We are the champions No time for losers Because we are the champions 

Well I hear the music, close my eyes, feel the rhythm Wrap around, take a hold of my heart

What a feeling, bein's believin' I can't have it all, now I'm dancin' for my life Take your passion, and make it happen Pictures come alive, now I'm dancing through my life

We're lost in a kiss A moment in time Forever young Just forever, just forever in love

When you came into my life It took my breath away Cause your love has found it's way To my heart

Sleigh bells ring Are you listening? In the lane Snow is glistening A beautiful sight We're happy tonight Walking In a winter wonderland

Gone away Is the bluebird Here to stay Is a new bird He sings a love song As we go along Walking In a winter wonderland

The first, the last, my everything And the answer to all my dreams You're my sun, my moon, my guiding star My kind of wonderful, that's what you are I know there's only, only one like you There's no way they could have made two You're all I'm living for Your love I'll keep for evermore You're the first, your the last, my everything

I know there's only, only one like you There's no way they could have made two Girl you're my reality But I'm lost in a-a-a a dream You're the first, you're the last, my everything 

You're my morning star shining brightly beside me And if we keep this love We will last through all eternity Just the way we are I love it, love it It's just the way it should be 'cause our love will stand tall as the trees Our love will spread wide as the seas Our love will shine bright in the night like the stars above And we'll always be together, our love My love is surely one thing You can surely depend on In times of darkness and fear I go to you I know you'll make me strong You're gonna make me happy You're gonna make me smile 

Bring it down, just a little Cause love is soft, love is sweet Love is nice and love is gentle Love is joy, love is pain Love is laughing in the rain

I've got love on my mind Love is always right on time Love is you and love is me Love is just a little baby I've got love on my mind Love is always right on time Love is you and love is me Love is gonna set you fire ya Our love, baby, our love

Treasure these few words till we're together Keep all my love forever P.S. I love you You, you, you

I'll be coming home again to you, love And till the day I do, love P.S. I love you You, you, you You, you, you I love you

The West Coast has the sunshine And the girls all get so tanned I dig a French bikini on Hawaiian island dolls By a palm tree in the sand 

I been all around this great big world And I seen all kinds of girls Yeah, but I couldn't wait to get back in the states Back to the cutest girls in the world

Roses are red, violets are blue Believe me, I love you Let's not be apart 'Cause you're the rose of my heart And sweet rose, you are my queen 

You're my Miss Jamaica My Miss Jamaica You're my Miss Jamaica I'm crowning you myself

You can dance, you can jive Having the time of your life See that girl, watch that scene Diggin' the dancing queen

Friday night and the lights are low Looking out for a place to go Where they play the right music, getting in the swing You come to look for a king Anybody could be that guy Night is young and the music's high With a bit of rock music, everything is fine You’re in the mood for a dance And when you get the chance

You are the dancing queen Young and sweet, only seventeen Dancing queen Feel the beat from the tambourine, oh yeah You can dance, you can jive Having the time of your life See that girl, watch that scene Diggin' the dancing queen

You're a teaser, you turn them on Leave them burning and then you're gone Looking out for another, anyone will do You're in the mood for a dance And when you get the chance

Oh no-there's got to be a better way Say it again There's got to be a better way-yeah What is it good for? War has caused unrest Among the younger generation Induction then destruction Who wants to die? War-huh What is it good for? Absolutely nothing Say it again War-huh What is it good for? Absolutely nothing Yeah War-I despise 'Cause it means destruction Of innocent lives War means tears To thousands of mothers how When their sons go off to fight And lose their lives I said War-huh It's an enemy of all mankind No point of war 'Cause you're a man War has caused unrest Among the younger generation Induction then destruction Who wants to die?Give it to me one time-now Give it to me one time-now War has shattered Many young men's dreams We've got no place for it today They say we must fight to keep our freedom But Lord, there's just got to be a better way It ain't nothing but a heartbreaker War Friend only to the undertaker War War War-good God, now Now Give it to me one time now Now now What is it good for? 

Generals gathered in their masses, just like witches at black masses. Evil minds that plot destruction, sorcerers of death's construction. In the fields the bodies burning, as the war machine keeps turning. Death and hatred to mankind, poisoning their brainwashed minds...Oh lord yeah!

Politicians hide themselves away They only started the war Why should they go out to fight? They leave that role to the poor

Time will tell on their power minds Making war just for fun Treating people just like pawns in chess Wait `till their judgement day comes, yeah!

Now in darkness, world stops turning, as you hear the bodies burning. No more war pigs of the power, hand of god has struck the hour. Day of judgement, god is calling, on their knees the war pigs crawling. Begging mercy for their sins, Satan, laughing, spreads his wings...Oh lord, yeah!

Broken bottles under children's feet Bodies strewn across the dead end street But I won't heed the battle call It puts my back up Puts my back up against the wall

Cut my life into pieces This is my last resort Suffocation No breathing Don't give a fuck if I cut my arm, bleeding

Cut my life into pieces I've reached my last resort Suffocation, no breathing Don't give a fuck if I cut my arm, bleeding Do you even care if I die bleeding? Would it be wrong?, would it be right? If I took my life tonight Chances are that I might Mutilation outta sight And I'm contemplating suicide

Because I'm losing my sight Losing my mind Wish somebody would tell me I'm fine Losing my sight Losing my mind Wish somebody would tell me I'm fine

I got blood on my hands and there's no remorse And got blood on my dick cause I fucked a corpse (c'mon!) I'm a nasty nigga, when you pass me nigga look me in my eyes (what!) Tell me to my fucking face that you ready to die (c'mon!) You be a dead motherfucker, red motherfucker Don't be stupid, you heard what I said motherfucker Who shot you? aww nigga, like you don't know (woo!) Sticking you for yo' dough while I'm fucking yo' broke ho (what!) Yo! don't you get the picture? niggas can't touch me (uhh!) Cause I don't give a fuck g, I'll get you touched b I got choice, to rip my slug or take apart a door And enough crazy niggas behind me to start a war (c'mon!) So what you want nigga? help, cause youse about to rest (uh!) When I'm fed, red cross couldn't clean up the mess And a vest will do nothing but make you look a little thicker (yea!) Cause in the dark, you ain't nothing but a lil' nigga (what!) And if you'd been thinking about that shit you did You wouldn'ta brought the joint, wit you kid, Now I'ma have to get you kid, and split your wig, wit the machete (what!) I bring beef to niggas, and string em out, like spaghetti (c'mon!) You ain't ready, nor can you stand how I'm bringin it (uh!) I'm givin it is how I'm livin it so I'm swingin it (uh!) Red dot on your head, cause youse in mid range Red dot on your chest, opens up your rib cage

She fucking hates me Trust she fucking hates me La la la love I tried too hard and she tore my feelings like I had none And ripped them away 

You pull me down And you crucify my name You make me insane It's broken now Don't ever look my way Don't even think I'm playin''Cause I fucking hate you You're such a liar And I love to hate you You're all the same to me

I fucking hate you You're such a liar And I love to hate you You're all the same to me (Fuck you) (Fuck you) (Fuck you)

Can't stand - The way you look The way you talk The way you act Can't stand you 

Do I think - You're a dick	Yeah You're a fuck	Yeah We'll fight	Yeah

Do I think you're stupid... Yeah Do I think you're lame... Yeah Am I stressing You're the one to blame

I open my mouth at the wrong time Always ranking on somebody I'm drunk all the time Throwing beer bottles and spitting in your face Checking through the purse Of the slut in our place

I won't take no prisoners, won't spare no lives Nobody's putting up a fight I got my bell, I'm gonna take you to hell I'm gonna get you, Satan get you 

Suddenly I'm not half the man I used to be There's a shadow hanging over me Oh, yesterday came suddenly

Why she had to go I don't know, she wouldn't say I said something wrong Now I long for yesterday

You don't bring me flowers You don't sing me love songs You hardly talk to me anymore When you come through the door At the end of the day

Hear that lonesome whippoorwill? He sounds too blue to fly. The midnight train is whining low: I'm so lonesome I could cry.

I've never seen a night so long, When time goes crawling by. The moon just went behind a cloud, To hide its face and cry.

In the twilight glow I see Blue eyes crying in the rain When we kissed goodbye and parted I knew we'd never meet again

Love is like a dying ember Only memories remain Through the ages I'll remember Blue eyes crying in the rain

In my solitude You haunt me With reveries Of days gone by

In my solitude You taunt me With memories That never die

I sit in my chair And filled with despair There's no one could be so sad With gloom everywhere I sit and I stare I know that I'll soon go mad

it is been a long cold winter without you i've been crying on the inside over you just slipped through my fingers as life turned away it is been a long cold winter since that day

Procession moves on, the shouting is over, Praise to the glory of loved ones now gone. Talking aloud as they sit round their tables, Scattering flowers washed down by the rain.

I've hurt myself today To see if I still feel. I focus on the pain, The only thing thats real.

I'm just a lonely boy Lonely and blue I'm all alone With nothin' to do I've got everything You could think of But all I want Is someone to love

When your day is long and the night The night is yours alone if you're sure you've had enough of this life Well hang on Don't let yourself go, 'cause everybody cries and everybody hurts, sometimes ...

Already dead to me now Because it feels like I'm watching something die 

Then you said "so long" left me standing all alone Alone and crying, crying, crying crying It's hard to understand that the touch of your hand Can start me crying

Keep smilin , keep shinin Knowing you can always count on me for sure That's what friends are for For good times and bad times I'll be on your side forever more That's what friends are for 

I'm dreaming of a White Christmas Just like the ones I used to know Where the tree tops glisten, and children listen To hear sleigh bells in the snow

I'm dreaming of a White Christmas With every Christmas card I write May your days be merry and bright And may all your Christmas' be white

But beautiful And I'm thinking if you were mine I'd never let you go And that would be But beautiful I know Love is beautiful I know 

You, oh ,oh, a Christmas My Christmas tree is delicious Oh, oh, a Christmas My Christmas tree is delicious

Here, here, here The best time of the year Take off my stocking's we're I'm spreading Christmas cheer Yes, if you want us to we will

Because a family is a family When there's love in the air. Maybe a dozen Or maybe a pair. A family is a family Whether twelve or two. We could be a family. Just me and you.

Some, have a sister. Some, have a brother. Some, have Grandfather. Some, have Grandmother.

Some, have a puppy. Some, have a cat. Some, have a llama. Now what, do you think about that?

Friends are quiet angels Who fill your life with grace Thrilled to share your joy when a dream comes true And on this special day* I'm blessed 'cause I can say I've found a quiet angel You're a special angel I found a quiet angel in you

Someone who knows when you're lost and you're scared And there through the highs and the lows Someone you can count on, someone who cares Beside you wherever you'll go

The world comes to life and everything's bright From beginning to end When you have a friend by your side That helps you to find the beauty you are When you open your heart and believe in The gift of a friend

The world comes to life and everything's bright From beginning to end When you have a friend by your side That helps you to find the beauty you are When you open your heart and believe in When you believe in You can believe in The gift of a friend

I am the river flowing I am the desert dry I am the four winds blowing I am the sunset sky

I am the forest breathing I am the ocean wide I am the storm clouds gathering I am the mountain high

I am the Earth You're in our hands I am the Earth We’re in your care I am the Earth Together we stand I am the Earth This moment in time we share

I am the river flowing We are the children growing I am the desert dry You are the place we live I am the four winds blowing We are the seed you’re sowing I am the sunset sky We are the life you give I am the forest breathing We will be your voice I am the storm clouds gathering We will make the choice

Up in a tree a bird sings so sweetly Nature’s own voice - I hear Rustling whistling leaves turning breeze to speech Call to me now - ease my mind I’ll turn something new My mind’s laid with dew

I want to be the smile I want to see the change I want to be your friend from the start And once it starts, it never ends I want to be your pal, I want to be around I want to be your friend when you are down I want to be the sunshine On your smiling face

In the next hour we will take you with us into another world, into the world of music, spirit and meditation

Turn off the light, take a deep breath and relax

start to move slowly, very slowly Let the rhythm be your guiding light 

We are the world, we are the children We are the ones who make a brighter day So lets start giving There's a choice we're making We're saving our own lives Its true we'll make a better day Just you and me

The mood is right The spirits up We're here tonight And that's enough

I close my eyes and see tomorrow My dreams begin and end with you I hear you say you'll be there Always, for me there I must believe it's true

Love is where you are And anywhere you are Is where I want to be No matter what may happen No matter where I go Your arms are home to me

New star In a midnight sky In heaven All the angels fly Soft wings so true And all things They will give to you

Sunday is gloomy, my hours are slumberless Dearest the shadows I live with are numberless Little white flowers will never awaken you Not where the black coach of sorrow has taken you Angels have no thought of ever returning you Would they be angry if I thought of joining you?
